Fix: Unnamed Auth routes returns an error when inside a route group (#577)
codeigniter4/shield: docs/customization.md

$routes->get('register', '\App\Controllers\Auth\RegisterController::registerView');
```

## Custom Redirect URLs

By default, a successful login or register attempt will all redirect to `/`, while a logout action

> will redirect to a [named route](https://codeigniter4.github.io/CodeIgniter4/incoming/routing.html#using-named-routes "See routing docs") `login` or a *URI path* `/login`. You can change the default URLs used within the  `Auth` config file:

Reviewer: There is an extra space. And it seems we are using the user guide in codeigniter.com.
```suggestion
will redirect to a [named route](https://codeigniter.com/user_guide/incoming/routing.html#using-named-routes "See routing docs") `login` or a *URI path* `/login`. You can change the default URLs used within the `Auth` config file:
```
